[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Here's why things start
to get complicated with respect to that
dot constructor, and
when we start layering things,
trying to model things as classes.
So I have a function Foo
that's representing a class,
and mostly it's just a class cuz
I used the capital letter, F.
But I start adding things like
an identify to its prototype, and
then I wanna create a child
class that I call Bar.
And theoretically that child class
Bar is supposed to inherit from, or
extend, the parent class foo.
So how do I accomplish that?
Well, line 12 shows you how you would most
likely accomplish that because what you
need is, you need for
Bar's prototype to extend Foo's prototype.
Or in this case,
what you really need is for
Bar's prototype to link
to Foo's prototype.
How do we accomplish that?
Well we could do, as you see
there in the comments on line 11,
we could do Bar.prototype = new
Foo because that would create
a brand new object that was linked
to Foo prototype like we want.
But that would have the unfortunate
side effect of actually calling the Foo
function, and adding properties like
this.me to it, which we don't want.
So, we can't really call the constructor.
The other way we do it is this
utility called, Object.create.
Okay?
That was standardized as of ES5.
There's a simple three line polyfill,
which I'll show you later,
that allows you to use it before ES 5.
But Object.create essentially
does the first two
of the four steps that I taught
you that the new keyword does.
What were those first two
steps that I told you?
>> Speaker 1: Create a new object.
>> Kyle Simpson: Create a new object.
>> Speaker 1: Link to links.
>> Kyle Simpson: And link it.
It does those two, but
it does not do steps three and
four cuz there is no constructor here for
it to bind to this to, and
there's no need for it to return it.
So it does the first two
which is what we want, and
it doesn't do the last two
which is what we don't want.
Does everybody follow that?
Okay.
So Object.create is a nice
useful helper for us.
It will create Bar.prototype
which is linked to Foo.prototype.
We can add things to Bar
prototype like Bar.protype.speak.
And indeed, when we say b1 = new Bar, and
we say b1.speak,
guess what's gonna happen?
It's gonna delegate from
b1 up to Bar prototype, and
it's gonna find a speak function,
and it's gonna see a this.identify.
What is the this keyword gonna be?
It's gonna be b1, right?
So we're gonna say,
is there a b1.identify?
No.
So we're gonna delegate
from b1 up to Bar protoype.
Is there a Bar prototype identify?
So we're gonna keep going and
we're gonna go up to Foo prototype.
Is there a Foo prototype identify?
So we're gonna execute Foo protoype,
and he has a this reference.
What is his this reference gonna be?
>> Speaker 2: b1?
>> Kyle Simpson: Still b1.
Super unicorn magic.
So this keyword always keep pointing
to the thing we want it to,
even if we've delegated 15
levels up the prototype chain.
So this is a really powerful and
useful mechanism, but
there is some really subtle problems
when you start trying to think about
the stuff as parent and child classes.
The first one is something
that I noted here on line 13.
And we'll be able to see this in a diagram
in just a moment, but what would happen,
do you think, if we called b1.constructor?
What do you think would happen?
What would it point to?
Well, let me not ask
what it would point to.
Let me ask what should it point to?
What should b1.constructor be?
>> Speaker 1: [CROSSTALK]
>> Kyle Simpson: We would want
b1.constructor to be the Bar function,
right?
If .constructor means was constructed by,
we would expect for
b1.constructor to point to Bar.
But let's analyze what it actually is.
b1, does it have
a constructor property on it?
>> Speaker 1: No.
>> Kyle Simpson: No?
So let's go to Bar prototype.
Does Bar prototype have
a constructor property on it?
>> Kyle Simpson: Not anymore.
The default one that was there on line 8,
did have a constructor property.
But we threw that guy away and
created a new one so
that we could link him to Foo prototype.
So the new Bar prototype that
we created by Object.create
doesn't have a constructor property on it.
So guess what happens?
We then delegate up to Foo prototype.
Does Foo prototype have a constructor?
>> Speaker 1: Yes.
>> Kyle Simpson: And what does
Foo prototype's constructor point to?
>> Speaker 1: Foo.
>> Kyle Simpson: Foo.
So we get the really bizarre
behavior that b1.constructor is Foo.
That's weird.
b1.constructor ought to be bar, right?
How could it possibly be Foo?
Foo didn't construct him.
The problem is that .constructor
doesn't mean was constructed by,
like you think it does.
It's just an arbitrary property that
happens to exist or doesn't exist.
Now, there's one way of solving that,
and that is on line 13 you can add
a constructor to the Bar prototype and
point it manually at Bar.
But you can't just do
Bar.prototype.constructor equals bar,
the way it would seem like, because now
you've created an enumerable property,
and that's gonna break your for-in loops.
So you actually have to use
Object.defineProperty and
create a non-enumerable
property with a value.
It sucks, right?
This is the kinda crap that we have to
deal with when we start trying to force
the JavaScript mechanism to pretend
like it is something that it is not.
Just one of the many things that
are syntactic problems, and it's one
of the many reasons why for two decades
now, nobody writes this code anymore.
They just use user libraries
to fix all of these problems.
My thesis to you is,
what if there was a way to get rid
of having to use all the libraries.
What if there was a way to do this
stuff without all of this complexity?
And that's what I'm driving towards,
a different way of doing it.
Okay?
Questions so far.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
there's the linkage, and
I want you to pay attention to that
linkage as we go throughout the next
several slides.
b1 is prototype linked, bracket,
bracket p linked, to Bar prototype,
which is bracket,
bracket p linked to Foo prototype.
That's the linkage.
Those are the only objects
we actually care about.